hey Billy what you up to practicing my
swing so I have into Witherspoon notice
me I don't know Billy Linda is an end up
baseball but you know what she does like
panoramic pictures what's the heck am I
doing this wait Billy oh dear well Billy
did you make a panoramic photo I don't
know what went wrong it was horrifying
did you follow the five rules of
preparing panoramic source material what
are those overlap your images keep the
camera square do not move around do not
switch the cameras orientation when
shooting a vertical panoramic overlap
all the images in a zigzag pattern you
took two photos that didn't overlap at
all idiot Linda's a pro she always takes
at least three images that overlap each
other thirty to fifty percent you also
violated rule number two you need to
keep the camera level watch Linda as she
gracefully keeps her camera level ah
Linda with her beautiful smooth skin and
silky hair uh narrator could we get back
to the rules oh sure Billy you also
moved around while taking the panoramic
photo a lot you moved around all over
the place what were you thinking the
images will not match up if you move
your center point try to imagine a pole
going through the center of your body
and into the ground
forever no Billy just when you're taking
the pictures it's important to keep the
same camera orientation throughout the
shoot switching from landscape to
portrait or vice versa will ruin the
panorama pick one orientation and stick
with it you numbskull hey finally bear
in mind that you can take panoramic
pictures that move up as well as over as
long as you follow all the other rules
and doing so well that last one doesn't
sound like a rule at all shut up Billy
use a zig-zag pattern to make sure you
get all the coverage you'll need yes
Linda will have a fine picture of this
museum I wonder what's in there no I
don't well Billy now you know the rules
of taking panoramic pictures I sure do
thanks baseless narrator no problem
Billy I guess I'll just go away now
since you've got Linda now don't really
need me around anymore you know it's not
easy being the home knowing narrator
it's lonely sometimes publish your own
panoramas put them on google map share
with your friends try it yourself at ww
egg to calm